911: 9-1-1 emergency.
LCC: Hi, this is Life Care Center of Kirkland, 120th Street, we have a lady in the lobby that is having chest pain and shortness of breath.
911: OK, and is that off of Northeast 120th
Street?
LCC: Yes, it's 10101 Northeast 120th, it's
Life Care Center of Kirkland.
911: Is she conscious?
LCC: She is a visitor, she's conscious and
awake, she's a little agitated, she's probably about 65.
911: And you said she's got chest pain going on right now?
LCC: Yes.
911: OK, would I be able to speak to her by chance?
LCC: Yes-- No, no she's being-- her blood
pressure is being taken by a nurse, we've got her in a chair.
911: Gotcha, OK, can I get your name and phone
number?
LCC: My name is [redacted].
911: Gotcha, OK, my partner has already let the fire department know that she needs some help there, so if you could you or the other staff just do your best to keep her calm and comfortable.
LCC: Thank you, got it.
911: And give us a call back if she gets worse
OK?
LCC:  Thank you.
911: Thank you.